At that time I was also determined to die,
I didn’t expect that you had just left,
The foreign minister came to rescue me. damn,
Damn thing, if I had known earlier,
If I kill you with one knife, I have long suspected,
You have a problem, but I forgot and didn’t expect,
It turned out to be the program and the people who hurt it.
You hurt me, the whole family,
It also caused me to have no one and no one to return to,
I am so injured that I will marry you.
Don't talk nonsense about the pregnancy. It was your general meeting with your mother at that time.
I am not sensible, but your memory is not as good as others,
Still refused to stop.
If it doesn’t fall, it can only fall now.
Also a person who can only fart with you
I thought you could
I'm scared. Come and follow me.
Follow me cost
You go to me and follow me